There are moments when the energy of the planet reverses, historical inversions appear. Entire nations are swallowed up. By and large, during it's history the United States has done the swallowing. In doing so, 
it inherits the world it consciously and actively ingest, coopts, and genrates the outside-inwardness the world over. The modern citizen-subject has become
the consumerist individual, a commodity in and of itself. When more than two-thirds of the world's largest economy is predicated on consumer spending, identity does not emerge
but rather is imposed in the externalities via which consumption of every sort gets made. In this sense (according to the latest figures), 
in aggregate, American consumption accounts for 15% of the planetary economy. All of that machination is simultaneously generated and imposed on each and every one of #us
and therein lies freedom...

September 11th was not a war in the United States, unless you can speak of a country going to war with itself. An aggressive security state predicated on the eradication of terrorism
is simply an expansionist expression of militarization that is now directed, simultaneously, outward (colonial, neocolonial) and inward (autocolonial), be it militarization, resource extraction or human labor.

The acceleration of perception with regard to events allows us to experience such fundamental tranformations in increasingly myopic fashion.

As fragments are forced to adhere, old prejudices are all to easily dusted off and donned. All in the name of the survival of the species.

Given the retrenchment of such fundamentalisms, about race, about religion, about economics, or politics, or just about anything and everything, belies

the stability with which we leave the most important questions barely whispered, muttered, mumbled. Perhaps aloud. Perhaps not.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_United_States

“If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don’t have to worry about answers.” Thomas Pynchon, "Proverbs for Paranoids"

It is really quite simple, in order to save the species you must end the human.
